# :jdk_desktop
javax/swing/JPopupMenu/6694823/bug6694823.java

# :jdk_desktop_part1

# :tier1_part1
java/lang/annotation/repeatingAnnotations/CustomRepeatingWithSecurityManager.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/annotation/repeatingAnnotations/RepeatingWithSecurityManager.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/constant/methodTypeDesc/ResolveConstantDesc.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/reflect/Nestmates/TestReflectionAPI.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/reflect/sealed_classes/TestSecurityManagerChecks.java 0000000 generic-all

# :tier2_part1

# :tier2_part2
jdk/dynalink/BeanLinkerTest.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/dynalink/TrustedDynamicLinkerFactoryTest.java 0000000 generic-all
jdk/dynalink/UntrustedDynamicLinkerFactoryTest.java 0000000 generic-all
tools/launcher/MainClassCantBeLoadedTest.java 0000000 generic-all
tools/launcher/modules/basic/LauncherErrors.java 0000000 generic-all

# :tier2_part3

# :tier3
java/rmi/registry/classPathCodebase/ClassPathCodebase.java 0000000 generic-all
java/rmi/registry/readTest/CodebaseTest.java 0000000 generic-all
java/rmi/server/RMIClassLoader/loadProxyClasses/LoadProxyClasses.java 0000000 generic-all
java/rmi/server/RMIClassLoader/spi/ContextInsulation.java 0000000 generic-all
java/rmi/server/RMIClassLoader/spi/DefaultProperty.java 0000000 generic-all
java/rmi/server/RMIClassLoader/useCodebaseOnly/UseCodebaseOnly.java 0000000 generic-all
sun/rmi/transport/tcp/disableMultiplexing/DisableMultiplexing.java 0000000 generic-all

# java/lang/invoke
java/lang/invoke/7196190/GetUnsafeTest.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/8076596/Test8076596.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/FindClassSecurityManager.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodHandleConstants.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/MethodTypeSecurityManager.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/RevealDirectTest.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/TestPrivateMember.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/callerSensitive/Main.java 0000000 generic-all
java/lang/invoke/lambda/LambdaAccessControlDoPrivilegedTest.java 0000000 generic-all
